1. Visual Studio Express

 Sometimes people want to try the product without investing thousands of dollars first, so Microsoft has the Express editions for all of their products. 
This makes it perfect for casual users that want to hack out some code as a hobby or programmers who need a free solution to code in C#. 
Be warned though, if the application developed by someone using the express versions of Visual Studio takes off and 
starts making money it would not be surprising to see big brother step in and start asking questions.

2.Eclipse


 The interface is a lot cleaner and concise than Visual Studio and the languages that are possible to use extend past the .Net Framework. 
Besides being the number on way to develop Android applications via the Android SDK.
It is fully extensible to use languages such as Ruby, C, C++ and many many more.


3. Mono

 MonoDevelop is an open source integrated development environment for Linux, OS X, and Windows. 
Its primary focus is development of projects that use Mono and .NET frameworks.
MonoDevelop integrates features similar to those of NetBeans and Microsoft Visual Studio, such as automatic code completion, source control, 
a graphical user interface (GUI) and Web designer.
It supports Boo, C, C++, C#, CIL, D, F#, Java, Oxygene, Python, Vala, and Visual Basic.NET.


4. NetBeans

 NetBeans is an IDE for developing primarily with Java, but also with other languages, 
in particular PHP, C/C++, and HTML5. It is also an application platform framework for Java desktop applications and others.
The NetBeans IDE is written in Java and can run on Windows, OS X, Linux, Solaris and other platforms supporting a compatible JVM.

5. Code::Blocks
 
 Code::Blocks is a free C, C++ and Fortran IDE built to meet the most demanding needs of its users. 
It is designed to be very extensible and fully configurable, supporting different platforms.
Built around a plugin framework, Code::Blocks can be extended with plugins. 
Any kind of functionality can be added by installing/coding a plugin.