1. Python

Python is a widely used general-purpose, high-level programming language. Its design philosophy emphasizes code readability, 
and its syntax allows programmers to express concepts in fewer lines of code than would be possible in languages such as C++ or Java.

Python supports multiple programming paradigms, including object-oriented, imperative and functional programming or procedural styles. 
It features a dynamic type system and automatic memory management

Python projects are often open-source, web-based, and/or cross-platform. Python has a larger user base on mac and unix-based platforms.
C# projects are often proprietary, windows-based applications. There's very few non-windows C# projects.

2. JavaScript

JavaScript is a dynamic programming language that is most commonly used as part of web browsers, whose implementations allow client-side 
scripts to interact with the user, control the browser, communicate asynchronously, and alter the document content that is displayed.

Maybe the major differences between JS and C# are that JS can be run on any platform, directly in any browser and is interpreted as opposed
to compiled, and that JS is not object-oriented and class-based. Also there is no need to specify variable types like int, long, string etc.

3. PHP

PHP is a server-side scripting language designed for web development but also used as a general-purpose programming language.
The major differences between PHP and C# is that PHP is a dynamic and interpreted while C# is static and needs to be compiled.

4. C

C is a high-level and general purpose programming language that is ideal for developing firmware or portable applications. 
Originally intended for writing system software, C was developed at Bell Labs by Dennis Ritchie for the Unix Operating System (OS) in the early 1970s.
Ranked among the most widely used languages, C has a compiler for most computer systems and influenced many popular languages - 
C++, D, Java, JavaScript, C#, Objective-C, Perl, PHP, Python, etc.


5. Java

Java is a class-based, object-oriented language specifically designed to have as few implementation dependencies as possible.
Once the code is written it can be run on any platform without being recompiled. 
Java applications are compiled to bytecode that can run on any Java virtual machine.
Java and C# are similar, both are class-based and object-oriented, in both all objects are references, 
both use garbage collection, have built-in Unicode support, and only allow single inheritance.
The main difference is that Java can be run on any operating system, while C# typically requires Windows and the .NET framework.
There are also mostly minor differences in keywords and syntax and in the use of some classes, exception handling etc.